Refactor AGENTS.md to enhance clarity and structure of core principles (#359)
ultralytics/inference: AGENTS.md

## Conventions

- Every source file starts with the `// Ultralytics 🚀 AGPL-3.0 License - https://ultralytics.com/license` header — Ultralytics Actions adds them automatically; don't add or revert manually.

> - Ultralytics Actions (`format.yml`) also runs prettier (YAML/JSON/Markdown), codespell, and a nightly `cargo fmt` check on PRs; expect bot commits on your PR branch. Format markdown exactly as the bot does, never with unpinned defaults: `npx prettier@3.8.5 --print-width 120 --write`.

Reviewer: 💡 **MEDIUM**: This does not reproduce the formatter that the configured `ultralytics/actions@main` currently runs: its action installs `prettier@3.6.2`, not `3.8.5`. Also, with no file or glob, Prettier reads stdin and cannot apply `--write`, so this command fails rather than formatting the document. Pin the bot's version and name the target file.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
- Ultralytics Actions (`format.yml`) also runs prettier (YAML/JSON/Markdown), codespell, and a nightly `cargo fmt` check on PRs; expect bot commits on your PR branch. Format markdown exactly as the bot does, never with unpinned defaults: `npx prettier@3.6.2 --print-width 120 --write AGENTS.md`.
```
